help.md, before:

---
title: Help and FAQ
layout: article
---

# Help and FAQ

## Frequently Asked Questions

### How do I set Renewed Tab as my New Tab / Homepage?

It is recommended that you install the extension, as it sets the New Tab page
automatically and also unlocks more features.

For the Web version, you may be able to set your browser to use
`https://renewedtab.rubenwardy.com/web/`.

* Firefox:
	* New Tab: You need an extension.
	* Homepage: Preferences > Home > "Homepage and new Windows" > Custom.
		Enter the URL.
* Chrome:
	* New Tab: You need an extension.
	* Homepage: Settings > Appearance. Enable "Show Home button" and enter the
		URL in "custom web address".

### How can I place widgets outside of the grid / at the bottom of the screen?

Renewed Tab requires all widgets to be placed on the grid. This is great for
the User Experience, as it's simple, but makes it harder to do certain things.

To make a widget appear to be at the bottom of the screen, you can use the
Invisible widget to add vertical spacing between widgets.

### Why don't you support X browser?

We only support the latest 2 versions of Firefox and Chrome; it is hard to test
and provide support for every browser.

Renewed Tab is built using cross-platform technologies, meaning that it is likely
that it will work on your browser despite not being supported.
You can download .zips of the browser extension from
[GitLab pipelines](https://gitlab.com/rubenwardy/renewedtab/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/?job=webext).

If you have a problem with an unsupported browser, then we are unlikely to be
able to help. However, we may accept patches/PRs to fix issues on unsupported
platforms as long as it doesn't introduce architectural problems, and the
problem is not due to the browser incorrectly implementing web standards.

### Why do I get an error when entering a custom URL in the web version?

If you try to enter a custom URL that is not allowed in the web version, you
will get the following error:

> Accessing host example.com is not allowed on the web version. For
> security reasons, the web version may only access pre-approved domains.
> Consider using the Chrome/Firefox extension instead.

The web version uses a proxy to access URLs, rather than contacting them
directly. This is to get around
[Cross Origin Resource Sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)
(CORS) restrictions: web pages can't make requests to other websites without the
other website giving permission.

The web version's proxy restricts the domains you can use for
[security reasons](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Server_Side_Request_Forgery).
If any domain were allowed, malicious users could mess with DNS records to allow
accessing internal services on the server.

You may be able to ask for a website to be allowed by the proxy. However, you
should use the Chrome/Firefox extension instead, as it doesn't have this
restriction

Note: If you get the error whilst using the browser extension, there's something
_wrong_. Please report it below.

### Why does a background that I've blocked still appear?

The Renewed Tab API server only has 4 images available to choose from at a time.
If you've blocked a lot of images, then it's possible that you may end up with
all of these available images being blocked - if this is the case, then the
first image will be used.

The reason this is done is to avoid hitting the Unsplash API too much.


## Feature Requests, Bug Reports, and Support

Making an issue on the Issue Tracker is the preferred way of discussing
Renewed Tab bugs and feature requests.

If you need help, you can use any of these options. Discord is likely to be the
quickest.

<a href="https://gitlab.com/rubenwardy/renewedtab/-/issues" class="button is-info">
	<i class="fas fa-bug mr-2"></i>
	Issue Tracker
</a>
<a href="https://rubenwardy.com/contact/" class="button">
	<i class="fas fa-envelope mr-2"></i>
	Contact Me
</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/zYjR54b" class="button">
	<i class="fab fa-discord mr-2"></i>
	Discord
</a>

Commit message:

Readd notes on browser ext availability

help.md, after:

---
title: Help and FAQ
layout: article
---

# Help and FAQ

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Why aren't the browser extensions available yet?

Mozilla and Google both have in-depth review processes for their browser stores.
The extensions have been submitted, but are awaiting review before they can be
made public.

### How do I set Renewed Tab as my New Tab / Homepage?

It is recommended that you install the extension, as it sets the New Tab page
automatically and also unlocks more features.

For the Web version, you may be able to set your browser to use
`https://renewedtab.rubenwardy.com/web/`.

* Firefox:
	* New Tab: You need an extension.
	* Homepage: Preferences > Home > "Homepage and new Windows" > Custom.
		Enter the URL.
* Chrome:
	* New Tab: You need an extension.
	* Homepage: Settings > Appearance. Enable "Show Home button" and enter the
		URL in "custom web address".

### How can I place widgets outside of the grid / at the bottom of the screen?

Renewed Tab requires all widgets to be placed on the grid. This is great for
the User Experience, as it's simple, but makes it harder to do certain things.

To make a widget appear to be at the bottom of the screen, you can use the
Invisible widget to add vertical spacing between widgets.

### Why don't you support X browser?

We only support the latest 2 versions of Firefox and Chrome; it is hard to test
and provide support for every browser.

Renewed Tab is built using cross-platform technologies, meaning that it is likely
that it will work on your browser despite not being supported.
You can download .zips of the browser extension from
[GitLab pipelines](https://gitlab.com/rubenwardy/renewedtab/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/?job=webext).

If you have a problem with an unsupported browser, then we are unlikely to be
able to help. However, we may accept patches/PRs to fix issues on unsupported
platforms as long as it doesn't introduce architectural problems, and the
problem is not due to the browser incorrectly implementing web standards.

### Why do I get an error when entering a custom URL in the web version?

If you try to enter a custom URL that is not allowed in the web version, you
will get the following error:

> Accessing host example.com is not allowed on the web version. For
> security reasons, the web version may only access pre-approved domains.
> Consider using the Chrome/Firefox extension instead.

The web version uses a proxy to access URLs, rather than contacting them
directly. This is to get around
[Cross Origin Resource Sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)
(CORS) restrictions: web pages can't make requests to other websites without the
other website giving permission.

The web version's proxy restricts the domains you can use for
[security reasons](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Server_Side_Request_Forgery).
If any domain were allowed, malicious users could mess with DNS records to allow
accessing internal services on the server.

You may be able to ask for a website to be allowed by the proxy. However, you
should use the Chrome/Firefox extension instead, as it doesn't have this
restriction

Note: If you get the error whilst using the browser extension, there's something
_wrong_. Please report it below.

### Why does a background that I've blocked still appear?

The Renewed Tab API server only has 4 images available to choose from at a time.
If you've blocked a lot of images, then it's possible that you may end up with
all of these available images being blocked - if this is the case, then the
first image will be used.

The reason this is done is to avoid hitting the Unsplash API too much.


## Feature Requests, Bug Reports, and Support

Making an issue on the Issue Tracker is the preferred way of discussing
Renewed Tab bugs and feature requests.

If you need help, you can use any of these options. Discord is likely to be the
quickest.

<a href="https://gitlab.com/rubenwardy/renewedtab/-/issues" class="button is-info">
	<i class="fas fa-bug mr-2"></i>
	Issue Tracker
</a>
<a href="https://rubenwardy.com/contact/" class="button">
	<i class="fas fa-envelope mr-2"></i>
	Contact Me
</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/zYjR54b" class="button">
	<i class="fab fa-discord mr-2"></i>
	Discord
</a>
