---
title: Renewed Tab 1.15 released!
description: >-
  Includes a bookmarks bar for Chrome, a redesigned edit mode UI, and an experimental
  mode to allow placing widgets anywhere on the page.
layout: post
show_in_help: false
image: /static/blog/1.15/full_page_mode.jpg
images:
  full_page_mode:
    path: "1.15/full_page_mode.jpg"
    caption: "Full Page Mode"
---

We have released Renewed Tab 1.15 today! Includes a bookmarks bar for Chrome, a
redesigned edit mode UI, and an experimental mode to allow placing widgets
anywhere on the page.

<!-- more -->


## Chrome Bookmarks Bar

Chrome's default New Tab page allows you to show the bookmarks bar only when
the New Tab page is open. Unfortunately, this uses an internal API that we're
unable to access.

To work around this issue, Renewed Tab now has its own bookmarks bar that is
shown only on the New Tab page. It's enabled by default, and you can also find
the setting at Settings > General > Bookmarks Bar.


## Edit Mode Redesign

Previously, Renewed Tab used semi-transparent icons for the edit toolbar at the
bottom right of the screen. This resulted in a lowered usability, as users may
miss the icons.

The bottom right edit toolbar has been redesigned into a bottom bar, containing
buttons with labels. This should make it more intuitive and harder to miss.


## Full Page Mode

Renewed Tab now has an experimental new widget grid setting: Full Page Mode.
Rather than centering widgets on the page, this mode allows you to place
widgets on the entire page.

It's currently marked as experimental, which means that you may encounter
bugs whilst using it. It's also harder to use than the default mode, as the
widget moving/resizing system isn't designed for this.

You can try out Full Page Mode by turning it on at
Settings > Widget Grid > Full Page Mode. Make sure to increase the number of
columns to what is suggests.
