---
title: Renewed Tab 1.20 released!
description: >-
  Includes storage improvements, new weather icons
layout: post
show_in_help: false
image: /static/blog/2025_1.20/cover.webp
images:
  calendar:
    path: "2023_1.16/calendar.png"
    caption: "Work in Progress Calendar widget, not available yet"
---

After a while working on other projects, I have picked up Renewed Tab again.
This release contains a lot of maintenance updates to make up for the time I
was away. It also improves the storage of images and website icons.

<!-- more -->

## Improved background image storage

Cached background images are now loaded asynchronously, which should improve loading
performance.

Custom background images are now resized and optimised when uploaded to the
extension. This provides a much better user experience as users should no longer
see the "background image too large" error. This paves the way to allowing
multiple custom background images in the future.

## Website icons

Website icons used to be cached forever, which resulted in them becoming
outdated. They are now only cached for 7 days and there's a button in general
settings to clear the icons.

## New weather symbols

This is done to improve loading performance and to make sure the icons are freely
licensed. I'm not totally happy with the icons so may change in the future.

## And more:

* Added links import / export
* Feed: Show feed title on combined feed with icons
* Update dependencies and refactored code
* Use Manifest v3 on Firefox
* Updated translations
* Prevent iframes from doing top level navigation
* Fixed broken BBC News icon
* Fixed bad search widget bar margin

## What's next?

For 1.21, I'm planning on improving bookmarks integrations and allowing multiple
custom background images.

I am also working on a 2.0, with support for backups/sync, multiple pages of
widgets, todo integrations (todoist/google tasks/trello), calendars (google,
outlook, apple).
